[go_router] Remove unnecessary path requirements (#7647)
flutter/packages: packages/go_router/CHANGELOG.md

## 14.2.8

> - Relax route path requirements. Both root and child routes can now start with '/'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Relaxes route path requirements. Both root and child routes can now start with or without '/'.
```
```suggestion
- Relax route path requirements. Both root and child routes can now start with '/'.
```
